### Current Project Backlog Items:

> **Personalization of the My-MEDWATCH interface** - The idea for this was to allow the Chief Medical Officer (CMO) of the Family create user profiles and insert medicines they are taking which would influence they types of alerts they get.  But, due to user group feedback, personalization was put into the backlog to be re-visited after further understanding of privacy protection and the requirement to submit Personal Identifiable Information (PII) to the Federal Government.

> **Geo-location of alerts** - The idea for this was to create location based alerts from where a recall or adverse event was occurring.  After further analysis of the data from the FDA, it was determined that the associated geo-location data is based upon the manufacturing company, not based upon where recalls are occurring.  As well, usually the recalls are nationwide, so limits the impact and usability of geo-location alerts. Would need to occur after the data enrichment efforts.

> **White Label** - The idea for this is to create an application using FDA data that could demonstrate to the industry what could be done to encourage mobile app adoption.  Specifically targeting doctors, pharmacies, and other medically related establishments, this app could then progress out and increase the dissemination of MEDWATCH information beyond its current channels.

> **Mobile Application** - As our user research informed us, a majority of users regularly use a mobile device such as an Iphone.  It will be increasingly important that the web application we are designing can also be used on these mobile devices.  Whether this will be a unique page or working to make our existing web application responsive, it is vitally important to reach this user base.

> **Data Enrichment** - One of the most important project items that the team would want to tackle is to enrich and organize the existing databases from the FDA.  Not only was the data "dirty" in the sense of organization, it also was difficult to understand what each category of data represented.  For instance we initially thought the geo-location data was related to where the incident occurred.  We later found out it was actually location data for the company that produced the medicine or equipment that was engaged in the notification effort.  A comprehensive data scrub would immensely help and improve the web application.

> **Electronic Pillbox** - Similar to the personalization backlog item, the concept of the electronic pillbox is a location to track prescriptions and when they need to be taken.  This could include pill images, interactions with other medicines, alerts to notify you to take the medicine, and other items to be determined after user research.  This could also be made a part of the white labeled mobile application discussed earlier in the backlog.  Initial design of the mobile application can be found [HERE](https://github.com/atsid/18f-RFQ993471-POOL1/blob/master/documentation/Mock-ups/Electronic%20Pillbox.pdf) and a responsive design concept can be foung [HERE (external link)](https://popapp.in/w/projects/559325618973848072550638/preview).

> **Defect Database** - We created a listing of defects the team would tackle if it were to continue on improving the prototype.  This listing is located [HERE](https://github.com/atsid/18f-RFQ993471-POOL1/blob/master/documentation/Research/MEDWATCH%20Defect%20List.xlsx).
